arc_1.rpy
arc_1.rpyc
arc_2.rpy
arc_2.rpyc
audio.rpy
audio.rpyc
gui.rpy
gui.rpyc
images.rpy
images.rpyc
options.rpy
options.rpyc
phone.rpy
phone.rpyc
screens.rpy
screens.rpyc
script.rpy
script.rpyc
variables.rpy
variables.rpyc
audio\ReceiveText.ogg
audio\SendText.ogg
cache\bytecode-39.rpyb
cache\py3analysis.rpyb
cache\screens.rpyb
cache\shaders.txt
fonts\AtkinsonHyperlegible-Regular.ttf
fonts\JosefinSans-VariableFont_wght.ttf
gui\bubble.png
gui\frame.png
gui\game_menu.png
gui\main_menu.png
gui\namebox.png
gui\notify.png
gui\nvl.png
gui\skip.png
gui\textbox.png
gui\thoughtbubble.png
gui\window_icon.png
gui\bar\bottom.png
gui\bar\left.png
gui\bar\right.png
gui\bar\top.png
gui\button\check_foreground.png
gui\button\check_selected_foreground.png
gui\button\choice_hover_background.png
gui\button\choice_idle_background.png
gui\button\hover_background.png
gui\button\idle_background.png
gui\button\quick_hover_background.png
gui\button\quick_idle_background.png
gui\button\radio_foreground.png
gui\button\radio_selected_foreground.png
gui\button\slot_hover_background.png
gui\button\slot_idle_background.png
gui\navigation\button_idle_hover.png
gui\navigation\button_s_idle_hover.png
gui\navigation\button_s_selected_hover.png
gui\navigation\button_s_selected_idle.png
gui\navigation\button_selected_hover.png
gui\navigation\button_selected_idle.png
gui\navigation\main_button_hover.png
gui\navigation\main_button_idle.png
gui\overlay\confirm.png
gui\overlay\game_menu.png
gui\overlay\main_menu.png
gui\phone\nvl.png
gui\phone\textbox.png
gui\phone\bar\bottom.png
gui\phone\bar\left.png
gui\phone\bar\right.png
gui\phone\bar\top.png
gui\phone\button\check_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\check_selected_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\choice_hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\choice_idle_background.png
gui\phone\button\hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\idle_background.png
gui\phone\button\radio_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\radio_selected_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\slot_hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\slot_idle_background.png
gui\phone\overlay\game_menu.png
gui\phone\overlay\main_menu.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\quickmenu\auto_hover.png
gui\quickmenu\auto_idle.png
gui\quickmenu\hide_hover.png
gui\quickmenu\hide_idle.png
gui\quickmenu\log)idle.png
gui\quickmenu\log_hover.png
gui\quickmenu\save_hover.png
gui\quickmenu\save_idle.png
gui\quickmenu\settings_hover.png
gui\quickmenu\settings_idle.png
gui\quickmenu\skip_hover.png
gui\quickmenu\skip_idle.png
gui\radio\bubble_left.png
gui\radio\bubble_right.png
gui\radio\satphone.png
gui\radio\walkie.png
gui\radio\walkie_talkie.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\settings\arrow_down.png
gui\settings\arrow_up.png
gui\settings\check_hover.png
gui\settings\check_idle.png
gui\settings\check_selected_idle.png
gui\settings\contentwarning.png
gui\settings\log_bg.png
gui\settings\overlay.png
gui\settings\rabbit.png
gui\settings\tortoise.png
gui\settings\volminus.png
gui\settings\volplus.png
gui\slider\horizontal_bar.png
gui\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\slider\vertical_bar.png
gui\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png
images\pando1.png
images\pando2.png
images\backgrounds\Camp2Day.png
images\backgrounds\Camp2night.png
images\backgrounds\avalanceday.png
images\backgrounds\avalancenight.png
images\backgrounds\camp1day.png
images\backgrounds\camp1night.png
images\backgrounds\cottage.png
images\backgrounds\forest1.png
images\backgrounds\forest2.png
images\backgrounds\maintentday.png
images\backgrounds\maintentnight.png
images\backgrounds\morganstent.png
images\backgrounds\walkpath.png
images\bg\Camp2Day.png
images\bg\Camp2night.png
images\bg\forest1.png
images\bg\forest2.png
images\cgs\christmasA_L.png
images\cgs\findingLorenzo.png
images\cgs\frozenbody.png
images\cgs\meeting.png
images\cgs\pearldeath.png
images\cgs\rash.png
images\cgs\tomatosoup.png
images\chibi\Koda_worried.png
images\chibi\cassie_happy.png
images\chibi\cassie_neutral.png
images\chibi\cassie_worried.png
images\chibi\davos_happy.png
images\chibi\davos_neutral.png
images\chibi\davos_worried.png
images\chibi\eva_happy.png
images\chibi\eva_neutral.png
images\chibi\eva_worried.png
images\chibi\isaak_neutral.png
images\chibi\jax_happy.png
images\chibi\jax_neutral.png
images\chibi\jax_worried.png
images\chibi\koda_happy.png
images\chibi\koda_neutral.png
images\chibi\ruran_happy.png
images\chibi\ruran_neutral.png
images\chibi\ruran_worried.png
images\chibi\wilbur_happy.png
images\chibi\wilbur_neutral.png
images\chibi\wilbur_worried.png
images\sprites\aston\aston angry.png
images\sprites\aston\aston confused.png
images\sprites\aston\aston happy.png
images\sprites\aston\aston inthought.png
images\sprites\aston\aston neutral.png
images\sprites\aston\aston sad.png
images\sprites\aston\aston scared.png
images\sprites\gregory\gregory angry.png
images\sprites\gregory\gregory confused.png
images\sprites\gregory\gregory happy.png
images\sprites\gregory\gregory neutral.png
images\sprites\gregory\gregory scared.png
images\sprites\gregory\gregory worried.png
images\sprites\kyle\kyle confused.png
images\sprites\kyle\kyle flustered.png
images\sprites\kyle\kyle happy.png
images\sprites\kyle\kyle neutral.png
images\sprites\kyle\kyle sad.png
images\sprites\kyle\kyle shaken.png
images\sprites\kyle\kyle smile.png
images\sprites\lorenzo\lorenzo happy.png
images\sprites\lorenzo\lorenzo neutral.png
images\sprites\lorenzo\lorenzo pondering.png
images\sprites\lorenzo\lorenzo sad.png
images\sprites\lorenzo\lorenzo scared.png
images\sprites\lorenzo\lorenzo sick.png
images\sprites\lorenzo\lorenzo smile.png
images\sprites\pearl\Pearl\pearl confused.png
images\sprites\pearl\Pearl\pearl depressed.png
images\sprites\pearl\Pearl\pearl happy.png
images\sprites\pearl\Pearl\pearl neutral.png
images\sprites\pearl\Pearl\pearl sad.png
images\sprites\pearl\Pearl\pearl scared.png
images\sprites\pearl\Pearl\pearl smile.png
saves\1-3-LT1.save
saves\_reload-2-LT1.save
saves\auto-1-LT1.save
saves\auto-10-LT1.save
saves\auto-2-LT1.save
saves\auto-3-LT1.save
saves\auto-4-LT1.save
saves\auto-5-LT1.save
saves\auto-6-LT1.save
saves\auto-7-LT1.save
saves\auto-8-LT1.save
saves\auto-9-LT1.save
saves\navigation.json
saves\persistent
tl\None\common.rpym
tl\None\common.rpymc
